 This is a league based challenge.
Wood leagues should be considered as a tutorial which lets players discover the different rules of the game.
In Bronze league, all rules will be unlocked and the real challenge will begin.
  
  The Goal
This game is based on the board game Captain Sonar.
You pilot a submarine and you know that an enemy is present near you because you are listening to its radio frequency communication. You don't know exactly where it is but you can hear all its orders. You and your opponent have 6 hit points. When a player's hit points reach 0, the player loses.

  Rules
Definitions

    Submarines move on a map constituted of water and islands. They can only move on cells with water. They can share the same cell without colliding.
    The map is 15 cells in width and 15 cells in height. Coordinates start at (0,0) which is the top left cell of the map.
    The map is split in 9 sectors, which contain 25 cells each (5x5 blocks of cells). The top left sector is 1. The bottom right sector is 9.

Beginning of the game

At the beginning of the game, you'll receive a map (15x15 cells) that indicates the position of islands. Islands are obstacles. You cannot move or fire through islands. Then, you will decide where you want to place your submarine by indicating a coordinate (x,y).

Each turn

This is a turn based game which means that each player plays a turn one after the other. The player with the id 0 begins. During your turn, thankfully to your radio frequency analysis, you will receive an indication of what your opponent has done. For example, you can receive that it moved to the north. It's up to you to use this valuable information to detect where it is. Then, you must perform at least one action.
Actions

Each turn you must perform at least one action. You can do several actions by chaining them using the pipe |. But you can use each type of action only once per turn (you can move one time per turn, no more). If you fail to output a valid action, you will SURFACE in that turn.

Move
A move action moves your submarine 1 cell in a given direction (north, east, south, west) and charges a power of your choice. When you move, you must respect the following rules:

    You cannot move through islands
    You cannot move on a cell you already visited before

You can decide, what to charge. Different devices require a different amount of charges to be ready. In this league you can only charge the torpedo.

Surface
By using surface you will reset your path of visited cells so that you can freely move to a cell that you have previously visited. But surfacing has a major impact: your opponent will know in which sector you are surfacing and you lose 1 hit point.

Torpedo
A torpedo requires 3 charge actions to be ready. When fully charged, the torpedo can be fired at an arbitrary water position within a range of 4 cells. This allows the torpedo's path to contain corners and go around islands, but not through them. The damage of the explosion is 2 on the cell itself and 1 on all neighbors (including diagonal ones). You can also damage yourself with a torpedo. The following image illustrates the range of a torpedo:


The following table shows, how different actions will be shown to your opponent:
Your action	Shown to opponent	comment
MOVE N TORPEDO	MOVE N	The opponent will see the movement direction (in this case: north), but not which power is charged
SURFACE	SURFACE 3	The opponent will see, that you surfaced in sector 3
TORPEDO 3 5	TORPEDO 3 5	The opponent will see, that you fired a torpedo at the cell (3,5)
Victory Conditions
Have more lifes than your enemy at the end of the game. Each player has 300 turns including the initial placement.
